---
layout: post
title: More Damage, More Dramage.
date: 2022-03-21
categories: keyboards, tech
published: false
---
# D(r)amage in one word

  Damn keyboards. They are everywhere those days. 
  And the fact is that; You need them more than you think. You know how it goes... Everytime we need something daily, making it become part of our lifes, the personalisation need urges. It is always better to leave a bit of your touch on something that you use daily, work with, be fed by (_yes, the keyboard feeds you those days_). You need to enjoy it more, and make it more yours as possible to help you work faster (maybe not), better (surely not), and lastly, attract all the eyes on it. I know it goes like this, dont deny it.
  Options to customise your keyboard those days are lots, and I mean it. If you just google "keycaps" you will see what I mean. And damn, they are (almost) all nice and beautiful.
  Now lets make a small list of the most important and casual indigrients of a keyboard. Maybe (surely) there are more.
   
  * Keyboards itselfs
  * Keycaps
  * Cases
  * Plates
  * Foams
  * Springs
  * Lubes (;P)
  * Wires
  * Stabs
  
  Yes, those are just some. In all this chaos, one could easily argue with another person online about what tape to use to mod the board. Yes, sticking a tape in the back side of your PCB is actually a mod. You hear it first time? Oh... then you won't like when I ll speak about the prices... I can already bet on it.
  I will try to make some comments on each category. I surely won't post everything, how could I. Words like; everything, all, and the most important one *ENDGAME* don't have place here. Shooo !!
  
# Keycaps
  
  This is a huge part of the whole proccess. Yes, to have a nice set of keycaps is the top of the mountain thing. There are so many nice sets around, that I really couldn't pick my favourite. Also, there are a lot of companys who make keycaps, and this one alone, makes this conversation more huge than you can imagine. ABS, PBT, PPS, are just some of the materials are being used to make those caps. Dyesub and Doubleshot, are just two techniques to make those keycaps have letters on them. Cherry, XDA, MT3, SA, MG are just some of the categories of the different keycap styles... some are taller, some are short, some are even, some are not.

## Topre parenthesis (better now than never)

  Yes, I love topre. And of course I ll talk a lot about them, in the future. This is an intro, and I ll try to keep it like an intro. I had more than 15 topre boards in the past few years, and I call speak the truth. Yes, Im not afraid to do so, why would I after all... 
  
# ...so keycaps

  I ll keep it short. I like GMK more than the others. They may be the most expensive one, but the quality they deliver is top notch, just like that. I have experience with all the other manufactors, CRP, ePBT, NICEpbt, they are all nice if you want to mess around. But if you wanna feel complete, you know that GMK is your only way to do this. It is not easy though... I ll explain.
  * First of all... you must find a set you like
  * Then you have to _hunt_ for it.
  * If the set was released a while ago and its a loved one, get ready to overpay it
  * If you want to stay sane (~130 euros sane) then you will be better of finding a new Group Buy of an upcoming GMK set. It will come cheaper.
  * Patience is vitrue after all
